Update frontend documentation for 3.5 (#1300)
pkp/pkp-docs: dev/documentation/en/frontend-ui-library.md

---
book: dev-documentation
version: 3.5
title: UI Library - Frontend - Technical Documentation - OJS|OMP|OPS
---

# UI Library

> Read and understand the essentials section of the [Vue.js guide](https://vuejs.org/guide/introduction.html) before continuing.
{:.tip}

> > **New in 3.5** Detailed [Guide](https://stable-3_5_0--6555d3db80418bb1681b8b17.chromatic.com/?path=/) for the frontend development of the editorial UI is now covered in [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org) along with documentation for our components and composables. Please follow it when building new features. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **New in 3.5**: Documentation for the frontend development of the editorial interface is now available in [our new UI Library](https://stable-3_5_0--6555d3db80418bb1681b8b17.chromatic.com/?path=/) built with [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/), along with documentation for our components and composables. Please follow it when building new features. 
```

{/block}
```

> **New in 3.5** For new pages in 3.5, the Page component is only responsible for rendering the top bar, navigation, and the root page component for the given page. Once you have that set up, follow [Guide](https://stable-3_5_0--6555d3db80418bb1681b8b17.chromatic.com/?path=/) in the storybook. Example for a dashboard page:
{:.tip}

> ```html

Reviewer: https://github.com/jardakotesovec/pkp-docs/blob/c8e09b4b99cd986adfc4fb357f6cc0044ab5dae3/dev/documentation/en/frontend-ui-library.md?plain=1#L20

## State

> > **New in 3.5** State is now used only to pass initial configuration to the Vue.js component responsible for rendering the page and managing its own state. Currently used mainly to pass the form configurations, which are still being constructed in PHP. Other data should ideally be fetched from the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **New in 3.5**: State is now used only to pass the initial configuration to the Vue.js component responsible for rendering the page and managing its own state. This is currently used mainly to pass the form configurations, which are still constructed in PHP. Other data should ideally be fetched from the API.
```
